Don't worry. It's good news. Your mom is showing signs of regaining consciousness.
That's amazing. God, thank you so much.
I've already taken care of your medical expenses. So don't worry about that.
Thank you, Dexter. I really, really, really mean it.
Hello? Is this St. Joseph's Hospital?
I'm calling regarding my mother, Mary Spencer. I need her medical bill.
You can do this.
Get it together. Your mom really needs you. She's in the hospital and you need to cover her bills.
So stop thinking about him.
I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
You're hurt. Let me take you to the hospital.
Oh, it's okay. I live nearby for some medicine.
Well, Mary, let me give my jacket.
Thank you.